CircleCI dynamic configuration (#326)
astronomer/ap-airflow: README.md

   Example:
   The latest dev version is `2.2.1-1.dev`, and we want to release `2.2.1-1`.
   ```diff
   diff --git a/.circleci/common.py b/.circleci/common.py
   index xxxxxxx..yyyyyyy 100644
   --- a/.circleci/common.py
   +++ b/.circleci/common.py
   @@ -35,7 +35,7 @@ IMAGE_MAP = collections.OrderedDict([
        ("2.1.3-2", ["buster"]),
        ("2.1.4-2", ["buster"]),
        ("2.2.0-3.dev", ["bullseye", "buster"]),
   -    ("2.2.1-1.dev", ["bullseye", "buster"]),
   +    ("2.2.1-1", ["bullseye", "buster"]),
   ])

   # Airflow Versions for which we don't publish Python Wheels
   ```
2. Run the `update-dockerfiles` pre-commit hook (this should fail but it should change the
   relevant Dockerfile).

   Example:
   ```bash
   pre-commit run update-dockerfiles
   ```
3. Add the changed Dockerfile and commit (this should succeed).

   Example: The `update-dockerfiles` hook updated `2.2.1/bullseye/Dockerfile`:
   ```bash
   git add 2.2.1/bullseye/Dockerfile; git commit
   ```

</details>

### Release an existing Astronomer Certified version with an updated version of Airflow

<details>
<summary>Click to expand Step-By-Step instructions</summary>

> 1. Update the sub-micro version of the relevant version in `IMAGE_MAP` in `.circleci/common.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the postfix version of the relevant version in `IMAGE_MAP` in `.circleci/common.py`.
```

    # Airflow Versions for which we don't publish Python Wheels
   ```
2. Add a new version directory for it.

   Example:
   There is currently a `2.3.0/buster` directory that we need to copy to `2.3.0/bullseye` and
   then modify that `Dockerfile` to use Debian Bullseye.
   ```bash
   cp -a 2.3.0/buster 2.3.0/bullseye
   ```
3. Adjust the relevant Dockerfile.

   Example:
   Update the `2.3.0/bullseye/Dockerfile` to use the upstream Debian Bullseye image.
   ```diff
   diff --git a/2.3.0/bullseye/Dockerfile b/2.3.0/bullseye/Dockerfile
   index xxxxxxx..yyyyyyy 100644
   --- a/2.3.0/bullseye/Dockerfile
   +++ b/2.3.0/bullseye/Dockerfile
   @@ -14,7 +14,7 @@
    # limitations under the License.
    ARG APT_DEPS_IMAGE="airflow-apt-deps"
    ARG PYTHON_MAJOR_MINOR_VERSION="3.9"
   -ARG PYTHON_BASE_IMAGE="python:${PYTHON_MAJOR_MINOR_VERSION}-slim-buster"
   +ARG PYTHON_BASE_IMAGE="python:${PYTHON_MAJOR_MINOR_VERSION}-slim-bullseye"

    FROM ${PYTHON_BASE_IMAGE} as airflow-apt-deps

   ```
4. Run the `verify-changelog-entries` pre-commit hook (this should fail but it should change the
   relevant Dockerfile).

   Example:
   ```bash
   pre-commit run verify-changelog-entries
   ```

>    The pre-commit hook should add a link to the  change some lines in the new `Dockerfile`.
>    ```diff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The pre-commit hook should add a link to the changelog in `README.md`.
   ```diff
```
